Last weekend, some VegasTech friends and I volunteered at [Sunrise Code
Camp](http://sunrisecodecamp.com), a weekend programming course at El Dorado
High School. Our goal was to introduce programming to people with little to no
experience and teach them how to create a web application.

A few months ago, Rachel Warbelow and I went to [Rails Girls
LA](http://railsgirls.com/la) and was impressed with the LA Tech's involvement
in teaching women how code. After the event, Rachel wanted to put something
similar on to help the oft-forgotten East Las Vegas community. I'm proud to say
Vegastech made a great showing at Sunrise Code Camp.  A big thanks to Marc
Martino, Charlie Jackson, Amanda Sou, Brian Lu, David Grayson, Ryan Mulligan,
and Sean Hagstrom for donating their time to help out.

Sunrise Code Camp was blessed to have [Nitrous.io](http://nitrous.io) sponsor
the event. I met Arun, a co-founder, last weekend at Dockercon, and with
barely knowing me, he was generous enough to provide free Nitrous accounts for
our students to code throughout the weekend. For those who do not know what
Nitrous is, Nitrous provides almost any computer with access to the Internet a
world class development environment.  With Nitrous, we did not have to worry
about setting up virtual machines, which was a huge hassle when I volunteered
at similar events. Instead all we needed was 10 minutes to help people sign up
for GitHub, Heroku, CodePen and Nitrous accounts and everyone was good to go.

![Rachel teaches the students ruby using
Nitrous.io](https://www.dropbox.com/s/m46qadastzdzzcc/2014-06-14%2014.20.11.jpg)

I really enjoyed the chance to give back to my community. It was uplifting to
see people follow along and get the "Aha!" moment when they put together their
first application. We hope our students, and their friends, become part of our
VegasTech community. 

Want to learn how to code? What are you waiting for! Vegastech has great meetup
groups designed to help people learn how to code. Check out [the events
page](http://vegastech.com/events) for more information.
